Add `Media managers` & update `Wiki maintainers` pages (#29)
osuTitanic/wiki: wiki/People/Media_managers/en.md

## Media managers

Media managers are responsible for creating content and maintaining [[Titanic's social media accounts]].

## Roles and responsibilities

> Media managers are responsible for uploading scores to the Titanic! [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/@osuTitanic) and [Bitview](https://www.bitview.net/user/osuTitanic). As well as also posting updates to the [BlueSky](https://bsky.app/profile/titanic.sh) and [Twitter](https://x.com/osutitanic) accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Media managers are responsible for uploading videos on [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/@osuTitanic) and [BitView channel](https://www.bitview.net/user/osuTitanic) as well as also posting updates on [BlueSky](https://bsky.app/profile/titanic.sh) and [Twitter](https://x.com/osutitanic) accounts.
```

## Media managers

> Media managers are responsible for creating content and maintaing [[Titanic's social media accounts]].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Media managers are responsible for creating content and maintaining [[Titanic's social media accounts]].
```

> ## Media manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Media managers
```

Media managers are responsible for creating content and maintaing [[Titanic's social media accounts]].

## Roles and responsibilities

Media managers are responsible for uploading scores to the Titanic! [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/@osuTitanic) and [Bitview](https://www.bitview.net/user/osuTitanic). As well as also posting updates to the [BlueSky](https://bsky.app/profile/titanic.sh) and [Twitter](https://x.com/osutitanic) accounts.

## Current members

> Currently this is only one Media manager.

Reviewer: I think it's kinda weird to read this, probably should just remove that.
